# Qu[H]ackMan
## A Quantum PackMan Game Made @ MIT/iQuHack.

Used [grantjenks/free-python-games/packman.py] as a skeleton for this project's classical pong logic.

# Elements and rules

Two players in the game are gambling the final output of a quantum circuit with two entangled qubits. One can gain an advantage to win by eating beans to modify the Bloch sphere of their qubit. After measurement, the entangled qubits collapse to classical states, determines the game result.

Below is the explanation of essential elements:

* Maze: The map is the same as the conventional PacMan game. Players can move at the route divided by walls.
* Pac-man: Two players are playing as PacMan in the game. The PacMan can move, eat beans/gates and avoid being caught by ghosts.
* Ghost: Ghost is automatically generated by the game to catch the PacMans in the game. The ghosts are moving gates. Once the ghost encountering one PacMan, Rx(-pi/9) gate is applied on one's qubit, and Rx(pi/9) gate is applied on another's qubit.
* Beans: Players will eat the beans in the route they move. In this game, one bean means a rotation gate of Rx(pi/36) in PacMan's qubit.
* Gates: Gates are randomly added in the beans to change the final quantum circuit. We used a separate quantum circuit to generate random numbers to assign gates in the maze.
* S gate: a separate 2 qubit quantum circuit to randomly generate  and  states. If  is measured, the hit PacMan speeds up, the other PacMan slows down. If If  is measured, the hit PacMan slows, the other PacMan speed up.
* Swap gate: The qubits of two players swap.
* H gate: adding Hadamard gate in the circuit.
* Measure gate: Once PacMan hits measure gate, the game ends.

#  Basic Rules
* The game starts with initial maze and two players at the same place. Two players separately control two PacMan in the maze.
* PacMan can move, eat beans, eat gates, hit ghosts and eat measure gate.
* The two Bloch spheres on the side of maze represent the wave functions of two players.
Player 1 uses WSAD and player 2 uses up down left right arrow key to control their PACMa
